Go get me some paper
What do you need pen and paper for?
Oh, cut the crap.
Go, go!
Some people
I really don't give up until the Yellow River
Want me to say
This kind of person should be kicked out
Humph, live with them
It simply lowers the grade of our scholars
I just don't look at myself
Compared with our Zheng Gongzi
So beautiful
Are you sure?
Don't worry.
wife
Mr. Zheng is already waiting in the investigation room next door
I heard from the guests outside
He seems to be from Sakyamuni
For me
As long as there is talent, it is enough
I knew it!
The lady likes this talented son
Unlike the mortal's son
Not by virtue of his father's official position
By the way, lady
I heard that Sun Qian was outside a few days ago
By a nameless person
The person gave a hard lesson
Lost face
How is that possible?
Really?
Later, that person also became the Ph.D. in green science among fruits
It seems to be called Qin.
Qin Oh to Qin Feng